I'm a potato

Food eats people!

They ran behind the trees.[6->8]
. them sbj tree the forward on before at run
ȅ jul ó jùmām alòm pűm jé pȕl ùm ajȕm

I like to

At one time, Sam actually wanted to send a duck to his representative in congress for fun.
. time a at Sam sbj to one-that- represent what-kind congress which-one them ind even waterfowl obj fun-have for send obj want
ȅ ōpèmùm alō ùm Sam ó pā ōpèmójȁjȅm am kanggres al jul à ōl poém ē mőpȁ jē jőpȕ ē ma̋

The quick fox jumped over the lazy brown dog.
. fox who fast sbj dog who lazy who brown ind jump
ȅ vulpes pèmó a̋lȕ ó òlàmāal pèmó rȍpa̋ pèmó àme̋mrúűm à jère̋

You! You're standing in the way of everybody's hopes and dreams!
. you , . both one-that-gets- hope and one-that-gets- dream which-one each person between on stand-up
ȅ pò jó ȅ ā ōpèmēārȍ pe ōpèmēròlȍlpű al ūl jèl lȕm jé jāȁl

You shall not pass![4->5]
let you sbj not get-behind
lȕ pò ó él pőmȅm

On occasion, fish rain from the sky.
. uncommon at fish sbj one-that- high on fall
ȅ me̋jȅ ùm méól ó ōpèmólűm jé re̋ȅl

I recommend eating a pomegranite at least once in your life.
. recommend not one-that- little 1 obj than lively at pomegranite obj eat
ȅ rűűm él ōpèmóleȅ jā ē á moű ùm dadima ē molȁm

Commonly, a map projection is a systematic transformation of the latitudes and longitudes of locations on the surface of a sphere or an ellipsoid into locations on a plane.
. instance who common at map-projection sbj one-that- apply what by both amount-of- south and amount-of- east which-one any both sphere and ellipsoid obj point who plane on transform ind a obj be
ȅ óm pèmó rőűl ùm ùlòjēmōpèmmórómȍl ó ōpèmója̋a̋l pèm mó ā ōpèmápȕm pe ōpèmálȅm al mum ā má pe ilepsoid ē èl pèmó lémōpèmērālȕ jé rómȍl à alō ē ő

Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth, on this continent, a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
. year 8 7 before at one-that- parent which-one us-here sbj continent this on create one-that-gets- citizen who young obj free via notion aka to each person obj same ly create for create
ȅ ōpèmálorȁmjóm lá rú pȕl ùm ōpèmóramȍm al rè ó pōl alúl jé aȁ ōpèmējúja̋l pèmó la̋m ē jéűl rol èm ú pā ūl jèl ē mȅl mom aȁ jē aȁ

Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire.
. spaceship what-kind one-that- rebel sbj to base who hide originate at strike by to win which-one 1 obj empire which-one galaxy who evil ind obtain
ȅ lēmōpèmērālȕ am ōpèmóje̋pȁl ó pā réolȁ pèmó jȅl jojű ùm rára̋l mó pā momőm al jā ē raȁōpèmējúja̋l al galaksi pèmó le̋m à őmȅm

Just do it!
! true whether do
mȕ ű jol ȕ

Justin Kunimune, projector of maps, constructor of languages, bridger of physics, flattener of Earth, replacer of words, protector of eyes, rearranger of keyboards, consumer of ketchup, quoter of media, timer of tens, counter of sixes, exister of reality.

Our father who is in heaven, your name is hallowed. Your kingdom comes. Your will is done on Earth as it is in heaven.[29->32]
. one-that- parent who sbj heaven on , name which-one you obj worship . kingdom which-one you approach . one what obj you sbj tell sbj Earth on to heaven on ly happen
ȅ ōpèmóramȍm pèmó ó ssamaim jé jó mȕrȍm al pò ē pe̋pőlra̋ ȅ ōpèmjéjārùȅ al pò àpe̋ȅmȅm ȅ ō pèm ē pò ó jȕ ó jóm jé pā ssamaim jé mom ȍ

Give us our daily bread today, and forgive us for our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us.[28->32]
! both us obj day this at one-that-gets- bake which-one all day give and us obj to violate ind to us sbj them both who violate and of-which troubled us sbj forgive ly forgive
mȕ ā jal ē jò alúl ùm ōpèmēmȅpȕmma̋pȁl al ló jò rȍ pe jal ē pā mulȕl à pā jal ó jul ā pèmó mulȕl pe pèmē lūpȕl jal ó éláműmȅm mom éláműmȅm

And do not lead us into temptation, but deliver us from evil, for your kingdom and the power and the glory are yours forever and ever. Amen.[40->41]
! and us obj not to tempt ind lead and to us sbj to evil ind go obj cause . to you sbj both kingdom which-one you and amount-of- powerful and amount-of- awed obj own for both each time and each time at happen amen
mȕ pe jal ē él pā le̋mjòma̋ à rőm pe pā jal ó pā le̋m à je̋ ē rȕ ȅ pā pò ó ā ōpèmjéjārùȅ al pò pe ōpèmálúrȍ pe ōpèmápújȁl ē rȕm jē ā ūl ōpèmùm pe ūl ōpèmùm ùm ȍ ramen

This complete Musical-Djastiz-to-English dictionary gives the part of speech and English meaning of each Musical Djastiz word in Latin alphabetical order. It is a crucial reference for anyone living in this post-Djastiz society.[63->63]
. dictionary what-kind to Musical-Djastiz obj English ind transition who complete this sbj both part-of-speech and one-that-gets- denote which-one English which-one each word what-kind Musical-Djastiz obj to alphabet which-one Latium via index by say . one-that-gets- reference of-which any person of-which society who Musical-Djastiz obj after at live sbj need obj be
ȅ lúlōpèmàle̋lȕl am pā poje̋jàpī ē inggless à jaȕl pèmó ra̋la̋m alúl ó ā lúlōpèmàajőm pe ōpèmēre̋m al inggless al ūl lúl am poje̋jàpī ē pā óroōpèmóēújȍ al latium rol ma̋l mó űm ȅ ōpèmēpāra̋m pèmē mum jèl pèmē jèm pèmó poje̋jàpī ē mȁm ùm pòma̋m ó őmrȅ ē ő
